<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--
  Watch Folder Setup Wizard — single-pane XHTML window (C1, v2.4 / 2026-05-27).
  Replaces the v2.2/2.3 modal-sequence wizard with one window that hosts all
  four steps + Back/Next navigation + a final confirm with mode-specific safety
  notes.

  Loaded via `window.openDialog('chrome://zotero-watch-folder/content/setupWizard.xhtml',
  'watchFolderSetup', 'chrome,centerscreen,resizable,modal', args)` from
  `content/index.mjs::runSetupWizard`.
-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Watch Folder — Setup</title>
  <meta charset="utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="chrome://global/skin/global.css"/>
  <script src="chrome://zotero-watch-folder/content/setupWizard.js"/>
  <style type="text/css">
    /* Pin every color explicitly. Don't fall back to CSS variables —
       chrome://global/skin/global.css ships dark-theme defaults on many
       Linux desktops (Cinnamon included), which made headings render
       white-on-cream pre-2026-05-27 (clipboard-screenshot bug report). */
    body {
      font-family: -moz-default-font, system-ui, sans-serif;
      margin: 0;
      min-width: 520px;
      max-width: 640px;
      color: #14110f;
      background: #f4efe7;
    }
    .wizard, .wizard * { color: #14110f }
    .wizard { padding: 24px 28px 20px; }
    .wizard-header {
      display: flex; align-items: baseline; justify-content: space-between;
      margin-bottom: 18px;
      border-bottom: 1px solid rgba(20,17,15,.12);
      padding-bottom: 12px;
    }
    .wizard-header h1 {
      font-size: 18px; font-weight: 600; margin: 0;
      letter-spacing: -0.01em;
      color: #14110f;
    }
    .wizard-header .step-indicator {
      font-size: 11px;
      font-family: monospace;
      text-transform: uppercase;
      letter-spacing: 0.1em;
      color: #6b625a;
    }
    .step { display: none }
    .step[data-active="1"] { display: block }
    .step h2 {
      font-size: 16px; font-weight: 600; margin: 0 0 8px;
      color: #14110f;
    }
    .step .lede {
      font-size: 13px; line-height: 1.5;
      color: #2c2520;
      margin: 0 0 18px;
      max-width: 60ch;
    }
    .field {
      display: flex; gap: 8px; align-items: center;
      margin-bottom: 12px;
    }
    .field input[type="text"] {
      flex: 1;
      padding: 6px 8px;
      font-family: monospace;
      font-size: 12px;
      border: 1px solid rgba(20,17,15,.18);
      border-radius: 3px;
      background: #fff;
      color: #14110f;
    }
    .field button, .wizard-footer button {
      padding: 6px 14px;
      cursor: pointer;
      font-size: 13px;
      border-radius: 3px;
      color: #14110f;
      background: #fff;
      border: 1px solid rgba(20,17,15,.25);
    }
    .field button:hover, .wizard-footer button:hover {
      background: #ebe3d4;
    }
    .wizard-footer button.primary {
      background: #14110f;
      color: #f4efe7;
      border-color: #14110f;
      font-weight: 600;
    }
    .wizard-footer button.primary:hover {
      background: #2a2521;
    }

    .coll-list {
      width: 100%;
      max-height: 240px;
      overflow-y: auto;
      border: 1px solid rgba(20,17,15,.18);
      border-radius: 3px;
      background: #fff;
      margin-bottom: 8px;
    }
    .coll-row {
      padding: 4px 10px;
      font-size: 13px;
      cursor: pointer;
      border-bottom: 1px solid rgba(20,17,15,.04);
    }
    .coll-row:last-child { border-bottom: 0 }
    .coll-row:hover { background: rgba(196,69,54,.08) }
    .coll-row[data-selected="1"] {
      background: rgba(196,69,54,.18);
      font-weight: 600;
    }
    .coll-row .depth { color: rgba(20,17,15,.45); font-family: monospace }

    fieldset.modes {
      border: 1px solid rgba(20,17,15,.12);
      border-radius: 4px;
      padding: 12px 16px;
      margin: 0 0 8px;
    }
    fieldset.modes legend { padding: 0 6px; font-weight: 600; font-size: 13px }
    .mode-option {
      display: block;
      margin: 10px 0;
      cursor: pointer;
      padding: 8px 10px;
      border-radius: 4px;
      border: 1px solid transparent;
    }
    .mode-option:hover { background: rgba(20,17,15,.04) }
    .mode-option input[type="radio"] { vertical-align: middle; margin-right: 8px }
    .mode-option .mode-title {
      font-weight: 600; font-size: 13.5px;
    }
    .mode-option .mode-desc {
      display: block;
      font-size: 12px;
      color: rgba(20,17,15,.72);
      margin-top: 4px;
      margin-left: 24px;
      line-height: 1.45;
    }

    dl.summary {
      display: grid;
      grid-template-columns: 110px 1fr;
      gap: 6px 12px;
      margin: 0 0 16px;
      font-size: 13px;
    }
    dl.summary dt {
      font-family: monospace;
      font-size: 11px;
      text-transform: uppercase;
      letter-spacing: 0.06em;
      color: rgba(20,17,15,.55);
      padding-top: 3px;
    }
    dl.summary dd { margin: 0; word-break: break-all }

    .safety-note {
      padding: 10px 12px;
      background: rgba(176,124,30,.10);
      border-left: 3px solid #b07c1e;
      font-size: 12.5px;
      line-height: 1.5;
      border-radius: 0 4px 4px 0;
      margin: 0;
    }
    .safety-note.m3 {
      background: rgba(196,69,54,.08);
      border-left-color: #c44536;
    }
    .safety-note.m1 {
      background: rgba(59,110,58,.10);
      border-left-color: #3b6e3a;
    }

    .wizard-footer {
      display: flex; justify-content: space-between; align-items: center;
      gap: 8px;
      margin-top: 24px;
      padding-top: 14px;
      border-top: 1px solid rgba(20,17,15,.12);
    }
    .wizard-footer .spacer { flex: 1 }
    .wizard-footer button { min-width: 90px; padding: 7px 18px }
    .wizard-footer button[hidden] { display: none }

    .error {
      color: #c44536;
      font-size: 12px;
      margin-top: 6px;
      min-height: 16px;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>

<div class="wizard">

  <div class="wizard-header">
    <h1>Watch Folder Setup</h1>
    <div class="step-indicator">Step <span id="step-num">1</span> of 4</div>
  </div>

  <!-- ============ Step 1: pick watch folder ============ -->
  <div class="step" id="step-folder" data-step="1" data-active="1">
    <h2>1. Pick the folder to watch</h2>
    <p class="lede">
      Choose the folder on your computer where you'll be dropping PDFs.
      New files added here will be imported into Zotero automatically.
      A good choice is your downloads folder or a dedicated "Papers" folder.
    </p>
    <div class="field">
      <input id="folder-path" type="text" readonly="readonly" placeholder="(no folder selected)" />
      <button id="folder-browse">Browse…</button>
    </div>
    <div class="error" id="folder-error"></div>
  </div>

  <!-- ============ Step 2: pick sync root collection ============ -->
  <div class="step" id="step-collection" data-step="2">
    <h2>2. Pick the Zotero collection</h2>
    <p class="lede">
      Imported items will land in this collection. If you create
      subfolders inside your watch folder, matching subcollections
      will appear under this one.
    </p>
    <div class="coll-list" id="coll-list"></div>
    <div class="error" id="coll-error"></div>
  </div>

  <!-- ============ Step 3: pick mode ============ -->
  <div class="step" id="step-mode" data-step="3">
    <h2>3. Pick a sync mode</h2>
    <p class="lede">
      How aggressively should Zotero and your folder stay in sync?
      You can change this later from the preferences pane.
    </p>
    <fieldset class="modes">
      <legend>Sync mode</legend>

      <label class="mode-option">
        <input type="radio" name="mode" value="mode1" checked="checked"/>
        <span class="mode-title">Mode 1 — Import only</span>
        <span class="mode-desc">Files dropped into your folder are imported into Zotero. Renames and deletes don't propagate in either direction. <b>Safest mode</b> — recommended for trying out the plugin.</span>
      </label>

      <label class="mode-option">
        <input type="radio" name="mode" value="mode2"/>
        <span class="mode-title">Mode 2 — Mirror without delete</span>
        <span class="mode-desc">Two-way sync of collections and items: rename a collection in Zotero, the folder renames on disk; move an item between collections, the file moves on disk. Destructive operations (deletes) are <b>warn-only</b>.</span>
      </label>

      <label class="mode-option">
        <input type="radio" name="mode" value="mode3"/>
        <span class="mode-title">Mode 3 — Mirror with safe delete</span>
        <span class="mode-desc">Full two-way sync including deletes. Files trashed by either side go to a recoverable <code>.zotero-watch-trash/</code> directory under your watch root. Any operation affecting &gt;10 files or &gt;20% of your tree prompts for confirmation.</span>
      </label>
    </fieldset>
  </div>

  <!-- ============ Step 4: confirm ============ -->
  <div class="step" id="step-confirm" data-step="4">
    <h2>4. Confirm</h2>
    <p class="lede">
      Review your choices. After "Enable", the plugin will start watching
      on the next scan cycle (default every 5 seconds).
    </p>
    <dl class="summary">
      <dt>Watch folder</dt><dd id="sum-folder">—</dd>
      <dt>Sync root</dt><dd id="sum-coll">—</dd>
      <dt>Mode</dt><dd id="sum-mode">—</dd>
    </dl>
    <p class="safety-note" id="safety-note">—</p>
  </div>

  <div class="wizard-footer">
    <button id="btn-cancel">Cancel</button>
    <div class="spacer"/>
    <button id="btn-back" hidden="hidden">Back</button>
    <button id="btn-next" class="primary">Next</button>
    <button id="btn-enable" class="primary" hidden="hidden">Enable</button>
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
